Add more docs for update-primary (#22677)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/replication/replication-dr.mdx

## Update DR secondary's primary

> This endpoint changes a DR secondary cluster's assigned primary cluster. This does not
> wipe all data in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The update endpoint changes the primary cluster assigned to a DR
secondary cluster. Changing the primary cluster assignment does not
 wipe data in the secondary cluster.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun

This endpoint requires a DR Operation Token to be provided as means of
authorization. See the [DR Operation Token API
docs](#generate-disaster-recovery-operation-token) for more information.

> There are two different ways to use this API call, each with its own parameter. The first way
> is using a secondary activation token (`token` in the parameter list below). This is the original
> way to call `update-primary`. This method is required for newly demoted DR secondary clusters that,
> after a DR failover, need to be pointed to their newly promoted DR primary cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to update the primary assignment:

1. **Use a secondary activation token with the `token` parameter**. An
    activation token is required after a DR failover when updating a newly
    demoted DR secondary cluster.
```

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, make key information easy to scan

> after a DR failover, need to be pointed to their newly promoted DR primary cluster.

Author: It always has to, unless they're going to destroy that DR cluster and never use it again. Calling update-primary on the demoted DR cluster is a pre-requisite for it being functional again. I will spell that out in more detail here.

> The other way is with the `update_primary_addrs` parameter, which was added in Vault 1.13. This is an array

Author: Yes, it was 1.13.3. I will update this.

> The other way is with the `update_primary_addrs` parameter, which was added in Vault 1.13. This is an array
> of Vault cluster addresses that represent the cluster listeners of the primary cluster. These addresses will
> be pinged one at a time via gRPC and the ones that respond successfully will be used as the secondary's new
> primary addresses. This is a quicker process vs using a secondary activation token. Vault does
> less work behind the scenes, which means potentially less disruption for replication. This method
> will not work on a DR secondary cluster that is currently demoted as part of a DR failover.
> 
> It's important to note that `update_primary_addrs` and `token` are mutually exclusive. You may use
> one or the other, but not both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Use primary cluster addresses with the `update_primary_addrs` parameter**. 
    During the update, cluster addresses are pinged one at a time via gRPC.
    The first cluster to respond successfully is assigned as the new primary
    address. Updating with cluster addresses is not allowed after a DR
    failover when updating a newly demoted DR secondary cluster.

The two update methods are mutually exclusive. You may use one or the
other, but not both. We recommend updating primary cluster
assignments with cluster addresses whenever possible. Address updates
are much faster than activation token updates because Vault does less
work behind the scenes, which means potentially less disruption in
replication.
```

Style correction: write in active voice, avoid "this" as a pronoun, make key information easy to scan, focus on documenting current behavior

## Update DR secondary's primary

The update endpoint changes the primary cluster assigned to a DR
secondary cluster. Changing the primary cluster assignment does not
 wipe data in the secondary cluster.

This endpoint requires a DR Operation Token to be provided as means of
authorization. See the [DR Operation Token API
docs](#generate-disaster-recovery-operation-token) for more information.

There are two ways to update the primary assignment:

1. **Use a secondary activation token with the `token` parameter**. An
    activation token is required after a DR failover when updating a newly
    demoted DR secondary cluster.

1. **Use primary cluster addresses with the `update_primary_addrs` parameter**.
    During the update, cluster addresses are pinged one at a time via gRPC.
    The first cluster to respond successfully is assigned as the new primary
    address. Updating with cluster addresses is not allowed after a DR

>     failover when updating a newly demoted DR secondary cluster. This was added
>     in Vault 1.13.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    failover when updating a newly demoted DR secondary cluster.
```

Unless the fact that the functionality was introduced in 1.13 actually matters to someone using Vault 1.14, it's not useful to mention it here. In general, docs should focus on documenting the current functionality to reduce the amount of mental "noise" folks have to sift through. Readers can (and should) reference the older versions of the docs for information on previous behavior.

The two update methods are mutually exclusive. You may use one or the

> other, but not both. In most cases, update-primary is called on a DR
> cluster after a failover, which will require the use of an activation
> token. If you're confused as to which method to use, a good rule of
> thumb is to use `token` on DR secondary clusters and `update_primary_addrs`
> on performance secondary clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other, but not both. A good rule of thumb is to use `token` on DR secondary
clusters and `update_primary_addrs` on performance secondary clusters.
```

It's not generally helpful to tell folks what they will do in most cases unless determining the right course of action is confusing. In this case, it's not needed since you're providing a good way for readers to determine the appropriate solution and we've explicitly mentioned that tokens are required in specific situations.

Style correction: write in active voice
